hello I am ende I want to be the biggest
star in the world your act is like
amateur hour i'm not like everybody else
i really like what you did out I'm not a
comedian I don't want to go for cheap
laughs sure that's wrong with this guy
they detest you that means we're a
success 40 million people are watching
you every week confit I'm fired up at
some of us at Saturday Night Live think
Andy Kaufman's a comic genius thank you
very much you just don't respect
anything you said some pretty
inflammatory things I'm sorry I'm sorry
I've always got to be one step ahead of
them this guy is so obnoxious it's good
old fashion entertainment George is Andy
Kaufman crazy I'm just acting crazy I'm
gonna do it again and again and again
and again and again and again and again
I'm fed person you are complicated
person you don't know the real me there
isn't a really oh yeah I forgot hmm
and
now Andy did you hear about this one
you're locked in the pod
and he are you too bad
are we using
I
from me Maj Foreman Academy
award-winning director of One Flew Over
the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus your fame
but you might also be brilliant comes
the story of the man the myth the
misunderstandings so you just pretend to
be an ass or I'm good at this Christmas
Jim Carrey brings the legend to life
I would like to take this turn in sound
for milk and cookies follow me